Update README.md (#60)
waku-org/nwaku-compose: README.md

**🖥️ 2. Start your node**

Start all processes: nwaku node, database and grafana for metrics. Your [RLN](https://rate-limiting-nullifier.github.io/rln-docs/what_is_rln.html) membership is loaded into nwaku under the hood.
```console
docker-compose up -d
```

> ⚠️ The node might take ~5' the very first time it runs because it needs to build locally the RLN community membership tree.

Reviewer: This apostophe is a bit obscure my dude. Also this sentence can be shorter.s
```suggestion
⚠️ Node will require ~5 minutes at first startup to build locally the RLN community membership tree.
```
